feat: Add alternative screen gifs ✨ (#92)
ratatui-org/ratatui-website: src/tutorial/counter-app/single-function.md

    })?;
```

````admonish note

> The most important thing to know with Ratatui is that you have to use one and _only_ one

Reviewer: I think this info needs to be shorter in the tutorial and point at the rendering concepts page instead of going much beyond the "only call this once" advice.

Author: I shorten the text here and moved the additional information to an FAQ section.

    })?;
```

```admonish note

> The most important thing to know with Ratatui is that you have to use one and _only_ one
> `terminal.draw()` call in your `main` loop.

Reviewer: Perhaps:
```suggestion
The closure passed to the `Terminal::draw()` method must render the entire UI. Call the
draw method at most once for each pass through your application's main loop.
```
